---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Our Tutorial
We feel our tutorial is perfect for anyone who is ready to start taking a
serious approach to learning about software development.

The S3D club exists to provide inspiration, mentorship, career advice, and
anything else that helps improve the profession of software development. This
club has a special focus on the dysleixa comunity. The club is open to everyone
but will alway put an extra focus on dyslexics in software development careers.
The tutorial is perfect for anyone who is interested in software development.

There are **MANY** great tutorials about software development. We encurage you
to search the Internet and learn on all the sites. The Tutorials we have here
exist because we want to help you approach software development in an way that
in our [opinion](.) is the best way. We want you working in a a cloud computing
and linux environment as early as possible and then leveraging those skills as
you learn other technologies.

Our first tutorial helps you **establish an AWS Cloud Computing enviornment**.
This is in our view foundational! The sooner you are working with virtual
machines and cloud computing the better.

We want you to learn Go, Python, JavaScript, and other programing languages. A
fundemental undersanding of UNIX style environment is a critical first step. We
want you to have a full site with a Web content, API Gateway, CI/CD, and the
ability to quickly create and destroy development enviornments on your own.
With the fundemntals you can have as many dedicated enviornments as needed for
learning various technologies. You can explore AWS and with a working website
you can share things with your friends and/or provide services.

You can also reach out to our group to find mentorship opportunities and
network with other dyslexecs who have chosen to make software development their
career.

### What you'll need
- A computer with Windows, MacOS, or Linux
- A credit card to obtain an AWS Account

## Why Cloud Computing?
Knowledge of how AWS, Azure, and Google cloud computing technology works not
will give you the ability to control your computer(s) and build dedicated
environments for your learning efforts. With Cloud computing you will use
virtual machines that you control and work in a Linux console enviornment.

These skills will make you an attractive canidate in any future career path you
focus on.

While it may seem counterintuitive, software developers with dyslexia excel at
and enjoy the experience of working with the textual framework of a Linux based
Bash console environment. Our everyday experience of struggling in textual
contexts has prepared us for the strange world of console and programming
languages. Many of us find that we enjoy the structured environment of computer
languages and the support provided by integrate development environments.

We have several tutorials here to help you with life-long learning. Future
tutorials will build on the fundementals we establish in this first tutorial.
Someday you may even submit a tutorial of your own design for publication on
this site.
