---
title: The S3D Club
authors:
  name: Mark Fansworth
  title: A Software Developer
  url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/markfarnsworth/
  image_url: https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D03AQHyNRa5uRX66w/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1610824372979?e=1668643200&v=beta&t=SAlTxYvkFXlzAtS6_vpEo044gkUMJgCNarUoolBqvEc
tags: [dyslexia, dyscalculia]
---

My name is Mark; I am the first member of the club!

This is my first blog post for the [S3D](./) club.

The [S3D](./) club is a group of computer nerds. We exist to discuss software
development, exchange ideas, and share reusable projects.

The **AMAZING** luck of finding computers when I was young and then applying
myself has had a huge impact on my life. As strange as it may sound, I have had
a long career in software development.  I worked in a paid position as a
software developer from the age of sixteen years old. In the world of software
I have always had access to tools for the manipulation of numbers and text.
Through software development, I taught myself advanced mathamatics and the
**science** part of computer science. I have built parts of software packages
used in many diverse areas such as scientic labratory management, automobile
accident reconstructions, health care systems, marketing, banking, and
government. I was part of two successful software startups, hold a
[patent](https://patents.google.com/patent/US8869029), and currently work as a
Site Reliability Engineer.

My start in software development was thirty years ago and really just amazing
luck. The experience of building a career in software was life changing for me.
I want to somehow find a way to **give back** and help others working in this
amazing field.  To build this site will take a lot of time and effort but it is
worth doing because it provides a way to **give back** to the world of
knowledge. Participation in open source shared development is a great way to
create software.

The only action you need to join the club is to make a merge request to our
GitHub project adding a block name to the authors file on our GitLab.
[authors.yml](https://github.com/s3d-club/s3d-website/blob/main/blob/authors.yml). After joining you may decide to contribute to some of our open source projects and/or create projects of your own that can be shared in this context.

If you have never made a GItHub merge request; this is your chance! Provided
your merge request is not profanity it will likely be merged. Learning to use
GitHub and learning to use it better will improve your career and that is a big
part of why the club exists.

[book]: https://go.s3d.club/farnsw/book 
