---
sidebar_position: 2
---
# Overview
Software development is a very complicated business with **A LOT** of options.

In the S3D club we believe that the best way to learn is to take on project
with a focus implementing solutions in a **correct** way.

With the complex world(s) of software development there are may different views
of what is the correct way to implement anything.  This area of the site is
dedicated to sharing our **opinionated** view of how software should be built
and the approaches we recommed for using various tools.

Software tools that are successful provide everyone, everything, supporting
every insane workflow that anyone can dream up. This is why we have hundreds of
programming languages and thousands of tools. Having strong opinions helps us
describe what we see as the right way to do things.

**GIT** is an example of a tool we love that has a lot of options. Our
opinionated view of how to use it has worked well for us. Sure, different
people have different views and that is fine but this is our site so we share
our opinionated views. If you think something we are recommending is wrong
headed let us know using our GitHub issues. We will either agree with you and
make a change, improve our explination and help you change, or decide that you
are an wrong and we are right.

This site is built with the tools and techniques described here on this site.
As is often said in software development circles _"we eat our own dog food"_.
Everything about the S3D project is open source and built to be an example of
what we see as _"software done right"_. With the complexity of software our
projects will never be perfect but that is not what it means to _"do it
right"_. Our goal is not to do things perfectly the first time. Our goal is to
build knowledge by doing and create a platform where anyone with an interest in
learning about software or sharing knowledge can contribute.

Our club has a focus on working with people who have dyslexia and dyscalculia
but we are open to everyone. The club is a place of mentorship for new software
developers regardless of their learning styles. 
