---
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Documents
The [S3D Club](/join-our-club/) is a software development club.

Our club and this site is dedicated to sharing knowledge through written words.
We help our members and people in the our comunities succeed in software
developent careers.  We have seen that thinking styles what others may see as
disabilities in reading and/or mathematics are actually **HUGE** advantages in
both fields.

This site will eventually contain **A LOT** of words and our primary subject of
software development is related to math.

The software development profession is a world of documents in various
programming languages. Dyslexics excel at reading, writing. Our field is also a
world of concepts which are often mathmatical in nature. People with
Dyscalculia can excel at mathematics.

As hard as it may be for many to believe, Dyslexics love language and
mathematics. We may for example use the [Markdown](.) language to craft
document formatting.  Our site runs on virtual computing resources defined in
the [Terraform][tf] language.

Languages such as [C](.) and [Assembly](.) are used for working with hardware.
Our programing is documents for [hardware](.) and [software](.). The english
language and documents here is `code` for [wetwear](.) based systems. Although
we may struggle with spelling, grammer, and may need to read content multiple
times dyslexics excel when working with documents.

Every human on the planet is somewhere on the spectrim of neurodiversity.
Neurotypical people are surprised to learn that Dyslexic individuals work with
programming languages. In some cases even Dyslexic people are shocked by the
idea of Dyscalculia. There is a huge range of people with dyslexia,
dyscalculia, and other styles of thinking.

This site exists for everyone on the spectrim of neurodiversity. It's possible
that you are dyslexic and don't even know it. Even if you are sure that you are
100% normal this site can still be a place where you learn and grow as a
software developer.

Building the site and the S3D technology platform will require a lot of work
and this is an opportunity for anyone regardless of experience level to get
involved.

[tf]: https://www.terraform.io/
